ANSWERED TO THE BEST OF MY ABILITY EVEN WITH THE HELP OF GOOGLE
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
it is the HTLML markup in which reinforces the semantics and meaning of information within a webpage.
    2. What is HTML used for?
 HTML is used for the structure of a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 Attribute defines characteristics of an element. Attributes are using within tags, need both an opener and ending tag with the same attribute.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
H1 tag is used for the header of the page and should be used one time.
You should use it one time as it prompts the header of the page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
H1 requries attributes and so does the img tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 


    7. What is an id? 
Id is used to specify a style for a specific element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
<p> <body> <header> ect.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
only one time
    10. What is a class? 
Class is basically the same as ID but it allows for more than one element to be changed.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
<div>
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
there is no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
You need to add an anchor tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
it allows for an alternative way to viewing the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
you would need to use #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section only is talking about the info that has been grouped as div is specific for the use of classes
    17. What is CSS used for? 
The presentation of the website.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
You would need to type h2{} into the css side of the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
you would need to use #
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{border:1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
If you remove a file it will be long gone.
 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
Because it allows for you to link and save files
    35. How often should I commit to github?
You should commit as many times as possible so it uploads the most recent work.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u orgin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
git push origin levi-rosett (links my account)
git add .
git commit -m "file name"

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 